retransmit path_abandon on another path (#473)
quicwg/multipath: draft-ietf-quic-multipath.md

even if connectivity on that path is already broken
but there is still another usable path, it is RECOMMENDED to
send the PATH_ABANDON frames on another path.

> For example if the PATH_ABANDON frame itself got lost on the to be abandoned path,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if the PATH_ABANDON frame itself got lost on the to-be-abandoned path,
```

this might be a sign that the path is not usable anymore and

> retransmission on another path would address this concern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
retransmitting the frame on another path would address this concern.
```
